Update README.md (#24)
truenas/api_client: README.md

By default, communication facilitated by the API between the client and middleware now uses the [JSON-RPC 2.0](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification) protocol. However, it is still possible to use the legacy client by passing a legacy uri, e.g. `'ws://some.truenas.address/websocket'` as opposed to `'ws://some.truenas.address/api/current'`.

## API Rate Limits

**NOTE:**

The TrueNAS API enforces strict security checking and auditing in place to detect and prevent brute force or malicious API behaivor. 

> Connections to the API are currently limited to 20 Auth Attempts AND/OR a single API endpoint request in a 60 second period (Subject to future change). Exceeding this limit will result in a 10 minute rate limit cooldown before API connections can be re-established. 

Reviewer: Copyedit suggestion
```suggestion
Connections to the API are currently limited to 20 auth attempts AND/OR a single API endpoint request in a 60 second period (subject to change). Exceeding this limit results in a 10-minute rate limit cooldown before API connections can be re-established.
```

> Developers are highly recommended to architect their tools in a way that uses a single persisant websocket connection which remains connected for subsquent API calls to be issued without a re-auth.

Reviewer: copyedit
```suggestion
Developers are highly recommended to architect their tools in a way that uses a single persistent websocket connection that remains connected for subsequent API calls to be issued without a re-auth.
```

By default, communication facilitated by the API between the client and middleware now uses the [JSON-RPC 2.0](https://www.jsonrpc.org/specification) protocol. However, it is still possible to use the legacy client by passing a legacy uri, e.g. `'ws://some.truenas.address/websocket'` as opposed to `'ws://some.truenas.address/api/current'`.

## API Rate Limits

> **NOTE:**
> 
> The TrueNAS API enforces strict security checking and auditing in place to detect and prevent brute force or malicious API behaivor. 
> 
> Connections to the API are currently limited to 20 Auth attempts AND/OR unauthenticated API requests in a 60 second period (Subject to future change). Exceeding this limit will result in a 10 minute rate limit cooldown before API connections can be re-established. 
> 
> Developers are highly recommended to architect their tools in a way that uses a single persistent websocket connection that remains connected for subsequent API calls to be issued without a re-auth.
> 
> Developers needing to issue large quantities of subsequent operations (Example: Massive bulk dataset creations) are highly encouraged to leverage the `core.bulk` endpoint for queuing actions. 
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**NOTE:**

The TrueNAS API enforces strict security checking and auditing in place to detect and prevent brute force or malicious API behavior. 

Connections to the API are currently limited to 20 Auth attempts AND/OR unauthenticated API requests in a 60 second period (subject to future change). Exceeding this limit results in a 10-minute rate limit cooldown before API connections can be re-established. 

Developers are highly recommended to architect their tools in a way that uses a single persistent websocket connection that remains connected for subsequent API calls to be issued without a re-auth.

Developers that need to issue large quantities of subsequent operations (example: massive bulk dataset creations) are highly encouraged to leverage the `core.bulk` endpoint for queuing actions.

```
